---
layout: post
published: true
---
## China and Russia in the Arctic

Is Russia struggling in the "post"-COVID economic landscape amidst nearly universal Western sanctions?  Yes, but it seems to me that the Kremlin is struggling less than it might be expected to.  Just earlier this year, billions of dollars of Kremlin capital was lost in a coordinated drone strike on a Russian airbase deep in their territory.  Moreover, a floundering(?) Great Russian Army utilized North Korean cannon fodder to attempt to hold the line with Ukraine.  Russian oil and gas in Western Europe has also taken a hit, as Western Europe chooses not to support the supply chains that may one day come to literally bite them in the butt.  

All these crises that could have toppled smaller states have become a constricting status quo.  Yet, the Kremlin maintains political strength, pensioners are probably still getting their beloved and well-earned retirement money, and the war in Ukraine has reached a potential dynamic equilibrium that sees WW2 Soviet-era munitions face off against dwindling, but advanced Western support.  This conundrum first pointed me to the rich extraction industries of the Russian Arctic.  

The use of the so-called "shadow fleets" by Russian extractive industries to get around Western sanctions on oil and gas has likely allowed the state-owned industrial complex to claw back some form of revenue.  Ships choose to fly the flag of countries like Liberia and Cyprus in order to skirt the problems that come with flying a Russian flag and carrying Russian oil.  These fleets utilize the Northern Sea Route (NSR) and Russian-owned icebreakers as a personal highway for domestic and international shipping.  Ice continues to retreat year by year allowing for greater access to the usually inaccessible resources under the Arctic ice sheet and the investment in the region continued after 2020, but has stalled more recently.  

One thing that has not stalled is the relationship between the Kremlin and Beijing.  While "shadow" fleets may have been a temporary solution to Russia's declining oil and gas revenues, a long-term solution may have been found in selling to China.  Chinese companies (intrinsically tied to Beijing) began a pattern of buying Russian liquefied natural gas (LNG).  Furthermore, the Kremlin and Beijing talk of an Arctic LNG project.  I believe the economic ties between the Russian Arctic and Beijing are greater than previously acknowledged and are only continuing to grow with the rise of trade between the two nations.  With the Bering Strait as a strategic hub for the United States, and the likely rise of shipping between Russia and China through this corridor, I would like to show through shipping data how the Russian Arctic is a homefield advantage that is overlooked in its importance and financial security.  

This importance brings with it considerable concerns.  Firstly, the environmental impact of shipping in this corridor is already felt, and an economic growth in the Sino-Russian relationship will not help this situation.  Secondly, the proximity of the Bering Strait to U.S. strategic resources could create tension as Trump also pushes for Arctic investment ($8.6 billion dollars allocated recently).  Lastly, and most importantly, these routes present alternative and successful economic revenue sources for a country continually committing war crimes against a sovereign nation.  The war in Ukraine continues.  
