---
layout: post
published: true
---
## Ivan 

The letterhead rang out in Ivan Alexeivitch’s head. “SemiNovotinsk Energy – Dr. Antonov” Ivan had only ever endured his time with Dr. Antonov. Genya had given him his tea without honey this morning (the boat hadn’t come in) and the lack of sweetness in his day, now, had cause to get to him. 

<div style="text-align:center;">“Ivan Alexeivitch, Dr. Antonov requests that you realize and subsequently act on the stakes of the current election cycle. The Coalition for Freedom represents the interests of SemiNovotinsk Energy and you must ensure the support for our interests.” </div>


The letter continued on, but the plant manager saw no reason to read further.

Ivan Alexeivitch knew this letter was coming. They had come every election cycle since he arrived. Ivan also knew what this letter truly meant. His never-ending debt to the company was being called in; this had also happened in numerous other ways. Ivan supported The Coalition for Freedom when he was an up-and-comer in Moscow, but his time had passed and Ivan felt relegated to the life of a single company man. The same boat with the same goods and the same captain came in every full moon, or there abouts. Genya joked that their was a witch in the icy woods who turned them into werewolves to lure workers with promises of exotic goods on to a foreign boat where they would ultimately be eaten. Genya did not know that Ivan normally wore his monstrous identity on his work shirt’s sleeve. 

The plant manager put in some extra strength this time when he slammed the door onto the plant floor<nowiki>; he knew it reverberated through the pipes, </nowiki>winding a sound like rigid snakes, rattling all around the maze of metal. If the workers knew they had it coming then they were more likely to be receptive. The plant manager always put more effort into his tactics when it came to election season. He had received two “mandatory meeting” requests and did not want a third; his being here was already the result of flying too close to Moscow’s sun. To ensure his continued support from Dr. Antonov, he needed to ensure success for The Coalition for Freedom and ensuring success for The Coalition for Freedom meant unequivocally guaranteeing that the degenerates below him fell in line. 

At the bottom of the three flights of stairs that led up to the plant floor, the plant manager took a pause. Then, he pulled out his PDA, and rang up the security office. “Hello. This is Ivan Alexeivitch.” “Is Misha Sergeiivitch there?” “Good, tell him to meet me at platform 1-D.” The PDA slumped back into his pocket. The plant manager continued with force toward platform 1-D. He always started with the engineers. He found out that they are actually the ones that put up the most fight. This surprised Ivan Alexeivitch when he first arrived, but he kicked himself for not seeing it sooner; “the engineers are the only smart ones within 200 kilometers.” He knew and accepted he was not an engineer. The real difference, haunting Ivan, was that engineers were not tethered to the plant like he was. 

At the bottom of another set of stairs leading upwards stood Misha. Ivan found Misha unbelievably intimidating, a truly menacing figure that loomed over Ivan. “Misha Sergeiivitch, a pleasure as always.” 

“The pleasure is mine Ivan Alexeivitch.”

“I have a task for you: we need to make sure these cable munchers follow through on support for the company that feeds them.”

“For the Coalition?”

“And for the company that feeds them.”

The two took off down a corridor away from the platforms and stairs. The corridor narrowed for a stretch; Misha allowed Ivan Alexeivitch to take the lead. After it opened back up, Ivan braced into his suit as a tempestuous wind ravaged the two of them. Misha’s size fought back the tempest, and Ivan continued on with more fervor. 

The landscape flattened in front of Ivan and Misha; it felt like a slight escape from the metal mountains they left behind. 
